Thank you very much.
Thank you very much and I'm thrilled to be. B. it is beautiful. place, where
they. Are they messing Are California? But we're thrilled to be here with the conservative. Patriots,
who are leading the charge to take back the state from the radical left.
lunatics. The first step to.
saving California. begins super Tuesday. you know, super Tuesday. March 5th,
2024 the same day that the radical of Democrats are taking me. to trial. I wonder how that happened.
I don't think it's going to happen either. disgraceful. What they're doing with your support this election.
We're going to win the California, primary in a very big beautiful historic lens, and, you know, most
candidates who Beautiful historic landslide. And, you know, most candidates with you. going to win California. Well, I'll tell you what. I'll say it a little bit differently because we would win
California in a general election. if they didn't have a rigged voting system. where they
send out 22 million ballots, think of that old mail in ballots 22 million
ballots, people getting five ballots six pallets, nobody knows where they going, who they're going to.
Who signs them, who delivers him? and who to help count some nobody knows. Yeah.
we would win You should see the crowds of people outside, you wouldn't believe it. It makes you look like small-timers. Okay. Okay.
now, if anybody would like to give up your seat for some of the people outside, we will do that with anybody will your head. other than that,
it's a very well election system. Other than those little things it's a disaster. it's a
rigged system and it's a shame that it's been allowed to go on for so long. it's really sad.
Every time I come here, we have the biggest crowds. and then I'm Bert old automatically that if you're a republican running
for president you'll lose by five to ten points. We don't lose by five to ten maybe some others would but
we're not going to lose by five. We're going to win. We would win. I don't
believe it when they say it, but the state is rigged. It's a rigged election. it's a horrible thing and we have to turn it back.
This is a state that the right Republican can win And, and I think, actually, win easily then all you
have to do is you look at go outside and look at what's going on in the streets outside. and it's with love to
tremendous love. There's not a lot of people there's no people. that are - actually
no way We lose this state in a real election. If this was a real election, there's no way. if we had a real
election with the real polling booths if you had real Polar, you don't have any polling booths You have
people signing something dropping it in the mail. Then who the hell knows? What after that? that it's
ridiculous. But if we had polling Booth, same day voting voter ID and no mail in ballots other than for those. who are
legitimately very sick. or in Far Away. we would win
this state by a lot. and I don't know why more people aren't don't that up and
talking about it. because it's really something you have to do. but we're going to get it done. When we win. when we win the big
one, because we're leading by a lot. we're going to go over some polls.
because I don't forget about polls when I'm doing well. Remember that, please?
but when we win, we're going to come in here. You going to straighten out your election because we need fair and free. elections in
this country in California Does it have it? We have
open borders, we have rigged elections, that's not a bad. that's not a bad thing for the enemy to watch
that I can tell you and they talk about it all the time. I'll solve the Border problems Within
24 hours. of taking office. We had the safest border.
Twenty-four hours of taking office. We at the safest borders in the history of our country, just three years ago. but the rigged election has to be solved
by you the people and we're going to start working on it right now but I want to put those thoughts in your head. We have to bring it
back. We have to get rid of this mail in stuff, you know? Jimmy Carter. I know a lot of you think
that he wasn't a great president, but actually compared to Biden. He was one of the greatest
presidents. the happiest person on earth, right? Now
is Jimmy Carter because he said, darling, I'm no longer a bad president because compared to this
guy. When I'm president. that will be a primary
focus. Your election and other things and we're going to talk about. together having to do with
California, nonetheless. we're going to crush crooked Joe, Biden, Next November, we're going to make
California great again. and we're going to make America great again. We are going
to make it work. I want to begin by thanking.
California Republican party chair, Jessica Milan Patterson. for the
introduction as well as doing a fantastic job, as RNC. national committeeman.
and chair of this hole. group of incredible people And your
National committeeman is shown Steel. and committee. woman is a friend of mine.
a person that actually wins cases for us. harmeet. Dylan, where is harming?
Where is our movie? She's around here someplace. where they're incredible,
husband. her incredible husband. Will you stand up? I hear He likes me or meet
more than you do and I think Thank you both very much for being here. Seriously, she's
done a fantastic job and we love her. along with a tough
cookie. I want to tell you. He did such a great job in the administration. a friend of yours. a person that
loves you state a lot, Rick Grinnell. And a fantastic.
Thank you, Rick. Great job, tough guy. This guy stuff. and a fantastic. mayor. We
a flew over Huntington Beach. We flew over We
flew over Tony's. beautiful place on Earth, and he keeps it. You don't have problems
over there. Tony, Where's Toni? Toni Strickland. You don't have the problems that other beaches have do
they You don't have encampments. sitting on the ocean. Now you've done
a great job. We just flew over in the plane. They did a big thing and I was talking to all the people thousands and
thousands of people I'm speaking from my plane, I said this is different. but it looked beautiful, You've done a fantastic job
as mayor. Thank you very much But Tony is showing
how we can fight for voter integrity and cleaning up the homelessness and all
up the other things that you have to do to make a place work. I mean, you have to do it and I'm honored.
today, as you know, I was really honored to get his endorsement. because his endorsement was very
meaningful to meet. Thank you very much for that endorsement own We won't let you down.
and I'm also honored to have the endorsement of former Lake Forest mayor. Somebody very very
respected. Scott voids where sky Scott. Thank you very Much. great.
Honor Scott. Thank you. did a great job. for Generations. California was
known as the embodiment of the America West. American culture. and America's
future. and our Great American Dream. You don't hear about the American dream anymore. Do you
see here? The American dream? The American dream is American American dream with Biden. most corrupt, president in our history.
The Golden State gave us the gold Rush the Golden Gate Bridge and the Golden Age. of Hollywood,
what glamour, what beautiful glamour if they ever came back from the dead that looked as a what the hell happened
to our safe? Can you imagine how is it glamorous time now? They would look And they would say this
can't be happening. It built Liberty ships the Sunset Strip Disneyland and
the internet and the iPhone So many things came out of California was California that first elected? public.
office. Republican presidents. How about that? Richard Nixon and Ronald. Reagan. but while California
was once a while of American success today under the radical left, fascists
and Marxist. that run your state. that's who's running your state bad people? It's
becoming a symbol of our nation's decline. Gavin Newsom and the far left
Communists in Sacramento. He did a great job as mayor of
San Francisco, didn't he? But the far left? Communists
in Sacramento San Francisco and LA. cities. Which are absolutely being destroyed
rapidly on a daily basis. have given you. Sanctuary cities wide, open borders,
Mass homeless, encampments out of storing income.
inequality like nobody's ever inequality before. Marxist district Attorney's woke
Tech tyrants They are woke rolling Blackouts child sexual mutilation and roving bands of looters,
criminals and thugs. But other than that, I think they're doing quite a good job. Those things are all
true. What a mess, How the hell do people vote for these people? You the
courageous. Patriots of California. Republican Party. are now the last
line of defense standing between this state and total Anarchy. And I am here to
tell you that help is on its way. Help is on its way. Can't go
on like this. can't go on like this. We can't go on
like can't We won't have a country left. the mission to help you. liberate.
California from communist, rule begins at noon on. inauguration day. 2025.
2025. 20 25. We got it.
you the election of 24 is the single most important election in the history of our country is used to say it about 16 or some most
important and it was but this is more important because we're going to lose our country. Our country is going to hell.
Our country is being destroyed. together. We will take on the ultra left-wing Liars,
losers, creeps perverts and freaks. Who are devouring? the future of this state. like a swarm
of locusts. And we'll stand
up to up to crazy Nancy ruined San Francisco. How's
your husband doing, by the way, anybody know? And she's
against building a wall at our border Even though she has a wall around her house. Which obviously
didn't do a very good job. job. but then you have
Kamala Harris. She's great.
Gavin Newsome, who is a really when I watch him The other night where, Sean,
Hannity trying to say that California is wonderful. It's not wonderful. We all know it. it was wonderful.
It could be wonderful again but right wonderful. it's really a mess. Maxine Waters. Very nice woman,
Very, very how come she can say things. So violently you will go with
and attack them in a restaurant. You'll do this That nothing happens. if I say, peacefully and
patriotic Leo, there's an Insurrection going on here. Maxine Waters of I
ever spoke like her, It would be the electric chair times 15 for me. The man who
fell in love with the Chinese spy. That they
wouldn't take off their top committee most important committee. Eric swallow.
Well what a loser and then you have, of course, then
favorite Shifty, Adam, Schiff Pencil Neck. He's known for one thing The
world's smallest neck.
If you touched him, his neck would break. And we will defeat their corrupt. California political
machine. No Shifty Shivers really. I mean he is a sick person that guy guy Looks
like he won't be your next Senator anymore because they are somebody else put in and then he won't be able to run. Purgatory.
that's too bad. I don't know that he would have won anyway, but now he probably won't be able to run and he won't run against
certain people because he wants to be politically, correct? Except when it comes to doing it on. Republicans and keeping
it going and hurting our country. But it would look to me like he won't be there but he's a disaster that guy their altars and
crazy Nancy is a total disaster. She's nuts. Remember her with a beauty parlor walking through the beauty parlor Nobody else
is to have their hair done that. You have her I don't know what happened to the owner of the beauty of, university is a big magnet
person. How about that Think dancing Think Nancy was thrilled when she
she learned that the Owner of that beauty parlor where they taped her walking through with the hair and the whole thing. everyone else is like home. Using
Suds on the hair, like I do. But I'm the only. candidate. who will do
what it takes to get this job done. And remember, we have to And rid of
mail in ballots. We have to do it. And I was going
to tell you though, before we got off on a tangent and we talked about Jimmy in a different way but Jimmy
he actually had a commission which was very important at the time. and his one basic finding
his most important was don't use mail in ballots. They can't work. They will be
corrupt. You'll have corrupted. elections And lots of other things but basically was a mail-in ballot. statement after many
months of him and some of the other senior Democrats they literally came
conclusion. You can't use mail in ballots. So what do we do? We're always trying to expand them. you know, in France, They use mail in ballots. and they found they were so corrupt.
that they gave them up and they recently had an election 36 million people. 36 million voted by 10:00
in the evening. Yet a winner yet a loser, and there was over. and nobody can play. They
went to all paper. With little Eid. you ever
see what it is to get into the Democratic Convention. They had the Democrat. And as I
caught the Democrat, you know, they like to call it the Democratic because it sounds better. I hate Universe speech. It sounds
lousy to say Democrat, but that's what it is. It's called the Democrat.
National Committee. I don't know why they don't change the name, but they always say don't ever say that because it doesn't
read well. But I say Democrat, because it does sound bad, frankly. But you did you ever see what
you have to wear? To get into their into their prior to the presidential?
election for the primaries at all? You have to wear a thing. The largest sign I've ever seen.
It looks like you're trying to sell groceries. in a shop, That's two blocks it's like here.
It's got your pictures. Got your fingerprints. it's got everything. They probably put Social Security. numbers
on. They put everything on, but for voting, you can't have anything. There's
only one reason they don't want voter ID because they want to cheat. that's the only reason
7% think that you should have voter ID, it's only the leaders because their policies are so bad thatthey couldn't get elected. I mean who want who's going to get elected? with open borders? Awoke
military High interest rates. high taxes. a country. That's not respected anywhere in the
world, we've totally lost our place in the world. pretty soon. We're going to lose our Dollars currency. It's a worse thing that will be
worse than losing any War. They are so bad. And now
I'm hearing the northern borders of problem. How about that one? The northern border there. but it's actually becoming less because the southern
border so bad, they can say, you know, with me. they were trying because they couldn't get into. we had the safest Border in
history. the safest broader history, three years ago. All this guy had
to do. is this to the beach Now, He's going to the beach all the time now, he's got a consultant,
I don't know how many of you know his consultant. He's got a consultant. who thinks he looks good in a bathing
suit I guess. and he said the beach every day if he would have done that
instead of destroying all of the things we did. We had the greatest Day in Mexico. Little thing called
remain in Mexico. We had the greatest catch and release. we used to catch and release. release.
Herman. in our country. our Catch and Release was you catch them. Release them in Mexico. and Mexico was fine
with it. Because if they weren't, we were going to put tariffs on their cars, like, you wouldn't believe and they said we'd love to. Have you do whatever you want
to do, sir. together, We will reverse the decline of America, and we will
end America and we will end the desecration of your
once great state California. This is not a great State anymore. This is a Dumping Ground, you're a Dumping Ground. The world is
being dumped into California, Prisoners terrorists, mental patients, you have mental institutions. They say, sir,
please don't use the words, insane, asylum, because that's a, you know, that Silence of the Lamb stuff. that's
big stuff. Mental, institution serves nice. I said no. I think I'll mention both, we mental institutions, and then times 10 insane, asylum. they're all being dropped. they're all being
dropped into our country. where a Dumping Ground when I was President. I got along with Gavin Newsom but I
didn't like what he was doing, very simple, I liked him. You know, he always goes around telling we had a very good relationship. we had a good
relationship but I didn't like what he was doing the people of California don't have water. they pay a
fortune for the water. You know I own something in Palos Verdes anybody played my big beautiful Club on
the edge. I actually think it's the best. golf course
in California. But beautiful, with the clubhouse. Everything. Right on the ocean. And this is really on the ocean, I
always say. I have the ocean. Pebble Beach, has the bay. the big difference.
story about Pebble Beach. Pebble Beach? No, no. I have the ocean. They have the bay, you know. the ocean. tends to be better. Historically, oceans
are better than Bay's. Do great right. But I
had to pay a fortune for water to water the grass I have to pee. a fortune if I told you the number. I
don't even want to tell you the number. It's embarrassing. And you have so much water and we're going to talk about that.
But during that period of time I got to know California quite a well, you know, I've owned that for a long time.
It has become a tremendous success. but the taxes that you have to pay and all of the things you
have to pay it's a very very hard way to make a buck in in the state very
hard to do it. And one point I was writing up a highway with a number of great.
congressman. and like, Devin Nunes at the time, you know?
He's heading up truth. Social he left He would have been the top guy in Congress. You want to do that. he's doing
a phenomenal job. This is everybody on truth, please. better than any of them.
True. and he said he's now the president said, he's now the president and doing an unbelievable job, you
know, he's the one that figured out. Russia, Russia, Russia. I said anybody that can figure out Russia
Russia. Russia can head up to social do you? And he and Jim Jordan. They got the
presidential medal of freedom because they did such a great job. But, but at one point with Devon and some of his friends
Congressman, great ones. Still there. We were riding up a highway and we're fighting so
were fighting so hard for Who writes a actually said, could you come, we don't have any water. I said, no, I didn't know you had a drought. It's a man-made drought, you know that
man. / women to men. women made. I don't know. I don't think women did that go are too smart to do
that. They don't create droughts. It's a man-made,
right? Let's leave it, man. I think. women will be honored when I say that. but during the trip up the
highway I noticed massive amounts of Farmland. It was all over the place in miles and miles. It was
absolutely dry and dead. You could see, you know, I'm a real-estate guy could see the soil was so beautiful, but
it was just dry and absolutely dead. except as it ruin know what I'm talking about. except for
little tiny patches where it was so beautiful. So green it was greener than
greener than any Farm. I've seen it was just beautiful. and I ask what's going on here. Why is it that that land is so fertile. but right
next to a fair miles and miles, it's just empty. Looks like a desert. and they said
because we're in a man-made drought that's what they called it. We have a man-made drought. I said
what's the man-made drought? He said, we have tremendous. amounts of money. and other things
coming at us to fight this, but it's, it doesn't do any good because Newsome and any Democrat
Governor they won't allow us to have water, you know, you have massive amounts of water coming down from up, North.
So I said, all right, I can understand about the water but I don't understand. why would they do that, Why are
these patches so magnificently, green and it's a very small percentage land. and,
They go. Well, they allow us to water only these small areas but most of the Farmland. They don't let Stephen touch. They
won't let us touch it. If I could. do it. it would be billions of billions if
they if they change this and we worked on it and I'll explain that. it would be billions and billions
of be dollars coming into the state. and coming into our country. and we have the water And I said, what
about a desalination plant Where people don't like them because, you know, I said, what about a nice
big, beautiful day. but they said we don't really need it. Sir, we have so much water. We
wouldn't know what to do with it. I said explain please. And I'm looking at this dry stuff. I said
explain so much. water but Up. north, they have a valve. Do you ever see the
valve? The massive valve like you've kitchen valve, but multiply it times 10,000.
It's a size of this room. and all the water gets turned out and turned into
the Pacific. Ocean. Do you know that you have so much water? So sad to see this.
I mean, these people is so stupid. but they don't want the water to come
down all the way to Los Angeles and the Central Valley where we're constantly forced to
rash. And you have droughts. where rich people in Beverly Hills. We don't feel so sorry for him but I do
actually, you know, they paid millions of dollars in They're taking a shower
they're told to hurry, up, you're only allowed a small amount of water when they take you. That's why rich people from Beverly Hills.
Generally speaking, don't smell so good, you know. Typically. you haven't noticed, they're not
great. Their hygiene is not good, but it's forced to be that way. So when you
meet somebody with a beautiful house in Beverly Hills, you know that person is sort of disgusting under there. But
where you wash your hands and you're hands to take no more than 30 seconds, it want a quick quick
hands. And yet, they're paying millions, and millions of dollars in taxes
millions of dollars these people And whether it's rich people or people that are just paying a
small amount of that you're allowed to have water and you can have it for free for free, you know. We have all those canals it dry as a bone. So now
in Los Angeles, when you have a new home, you have, faucets washing machines dishwashers. all of the
things. but very little water. is allowed to come out like as an example. I
say it in one of those houses and they had a shower head. and I want to really work
hard on my hair and I don't want to take when I turn on the water.
I thought the pipes were broken. They said no. they call it a restrictor, they have restrictors of the
thing, so no water comes out, So I'm standing on said drip drip,
can't wash the damn here. The house. 35 million
dollar house so you can't get it. You can't take a shower. Honestly, it's a
bad way of life. I made. it really. Is it it's sort of hurts and everybody. this goes for everybody. this
is all because Gavin Newsom and the radical left. Democrats. extremists and
the people that run this state in order to save, and extremely unimportant. Very little and non-productive.
fish. The Delta smelt. Did you ever hear of it? Let us do they have a picture up? There have a
That little sucker is causing you to not be able to clean yourself. The
Delta smelt. because of that Delta smelt you don't have any water you don't have Farms, you don't have
anything. You're all going bust. and, you know, they were talking last year, they're going to have to put
massive amounts of restrictions on your water Use it's ridiculous And then you pay a fortune for it too. you Have so much
water. You have no idea millions and millions of gallons is sent out is
just turned out at. you got to see this thing. big massive. pipe massive and
they turn it takes a day. It goes before the end of the day, it's turned into the Pacific Ocean. In fact we
should get harm me to bring a get on that one. That's a good lawsuit. or me.
That's a good one. I mean, that's big stuff. she wants to do. She'll do it free because she lives in this area, right? See once.
But when I was President all of the work was completed in the federal government to make the big change in
the quality of life for California. You could have so much water. You wouldn't know what the hell to do
with it. and you had to water and the papers were done, I got it done
at the Commerce Department, believe it or not, it was mostly a Commerce nobody ever thought that could be
done. And that was the hard part. the
state part was easy, all you have to do is get a governor to sign. but we did all the work we went to him. Gavin Newsom. and he wouldn't sign it because he wanted to keep
the environmental lunatics. Happy these are lunatics. and
we had are out You wouldn't believe, but I'll tell you what. then we had covert come in. We had a lot of things happening
and we did an incredible job. Look, we had the greatest economy in history. the greatest
economy history twice. we had it twice. twice but I had the federal government
finish everything. all the paper was done, you're going to have so much. water. You it is a please, please mr. President
don't give us any more weird. Grounding it is What are you sending? A coming from Canada Coming
from up North, when the snow melts and we didn't know what the hell was going on, and you look at those, you know, we
have all the infrastructure done it, he's big concrete's bins, where you the water comes rushing down.
There are also dry as hell. Now they have weeds growing in them. and so it's all there. And the federal work
was the federal work was the hard part and I gotdidn't want to do it. One of the first things I'm going to do when I get back into office for
California's Force Newsome. to give you water. And by the way the smell is
doing very badly. on top of everything else is. I think it would do better if it had water. okay? To
be honest. So much water that. you know, I mean it's
like just incredible but the smelt is not doing well but we're going to get the federal government. to get
everything done. We have it almost completed. It was totally completed. and I guarantee he will sign it
very quickly, if he still the governor by that time. Who the hell knows you had a recall? did that
work out? out? How did that work out? Well,
did that work out? Well, one of the candidates running was doing well and then they said, do you think the election was rigged and stole it? No, I don't.
That was the end of his campaign. That was the end. They walked out. That was a a good thing to say not
a smart thing to send. It wasn't truthful. I mean yeah. election was a disaster. but you'll have
so much water and it'll be a great thing and some of the most fertile, I will tell you for the farmers of the
room. I don't know if you know it or not but I got twenty eight billion dollars for the farmers. Some of the people farmers here. From
China. who the hell else is going to get money from China? Who would ask for money? I said to the
secretary of agriculture Sonny Perdue I said, Sonny because China took very big advantage of us during Obama during the Obama
years. and really bad And at the beginning of mine, I said, what's going on over here? People would complain and I figured
it out. said, how much damage you have They cause the farmers over the last 34 years they said,
sure about twenty eight billion dollars, I say or I could we're going to put a big tariff on, WE tariff, we took in hundreds of
billions of dollars from China. Nobody knows this we put in tariffs on their cars coming and everything.
The fact the twenty seven point five percent error for thecourse, they Rid of it, because so
much money. It's so big. that they cannot justify getting rid of it. It's unbelievable. You wouldn't have any car plants if I didn't have that China
would have been sending their cars at levels that nobody's ever seen before. but they paid us billions
and billions. I took at 28 million took in 28 billion, gave it to the pharmacist. Why? why I was
told by my great. professional Susie Wiles. I was told by my great professionals over there
that they should sir. Please don't say that it sounds too. obnoxious.
I said, I don't want to bring up noxious. because I'd say, I'd say. I'd
say very strongly, I say there's no way I knew I could lose Iowa. Nebraska.
Wisconsin. any of the states? You have a lot of farming here. there's no way I can lose no Farmers
everybody. I gave him Twenty Eight billion dollars from China. Nobody else would have asked for that. Could you imagine? you go
up to Biden? He's a corrupt person, You go up to bind, you say, you know,
I want you to ask China to pay Twenty Eight billion to pay Farmers. You know what he'd say? I can't do that. They paid me
a fortune. I got to get myself in trouble. They pay them a fortune You think he can go up and ask
him? they'll say, we're going to expose you, you know. he's a Manchurian Candidate. That's what he is. All the currently dry
canals will be brimming and used to irrigate. everything including your own homes and bathrooms and
everything you're going to be happy. and I'm going to get it done fast. They say that, there's so much. Water
up north. that. I want to have the Overflow areas go into your forests and
damping you Forest because if you dampen your far as you're not going to have these fire, forest fires, that are burning at
levels that nobody's ever seen before. You have very
poor Land Management. And remember when I said that a couple of years ago as presidents have been which
was sending billions of dollars to California for far, as far as their forests of burning down. and
I was with a gentleman of very top person in Austria. He said sir, we have more flammable trees
than you do on your Coast. We don't have Forest soils, we have Land Management, they take care
of the land, They pick up the dead trees, you know, a tree doesn't burn very easily unless it's dead.
that it gets dry and it burns. And the leaves on the ground. there. Five feet, thick over here. they
clean the the floor. and everybody should own how ridiculous. management of a forest. You know, they all
said, like, what the hell? But they don't have forest fires in. properly,
run. locations. What we have is horrible and we have actually dampen our
forests with water that costs us. Nothing. That will come pouring down. from the north wind. It be nice if you had damping
floors you wouldn't have forest fire. So well. will work on that too.
But I couldn't convince this guy Gavin. to do it because he's a environmental
Maniac, only for political reasons, You know he's no dummy. He knows it's wrong He knows what they're doing is wrong.
I watch him The other night being interviewed by the great, John, Hannah.
he and I said, you know, he understands it but he's playing the game because that's the base, I guess. And but it's, you know, people say to me are you
conservative? Yes you conservative sir. He said I'm conservative but really what I am as a person of
Common Sense. We need borders. we need a sensor,
We need water. We need water for places like California for your farmers
and Farms would make a fortune, you know. it's among the best land in the world and nobody knows it. Nobody nobody can
do anything about it because of the water. so we're going to get it all done. and if they don't do it is very simple.
We're just going to say that's okay. You take care of your own forest fires and all the other things that are happening billions
and billions of dollars and they'll sign, whatever they want. We had Kovac come in and that sort of
Changed our little direction for a little while. We had a do something there. We did a great job with that. You know, Interestingly when we had the Colvin, we
took a big hit. every country in the world. and by the time I gave it over
to these lunatics. by the time we gave it over. the most incredible thing,
our stock market was higher. than it was just prior to covet coming in. Nobody can
even believe it. So it was higher than it was and what they're doing is they're really running on the fumes of trump.
they're doing a terrible job, inflation, all that. And if you really look at the numbers with inflation
how that's destroying, you know, inflation is called a country killer, you can look at countries over the last 200 years.
big inflation Like we have and have had but but like we have I don't know. if you looked at your
gasoline today, $6, dollars, six dollars,
They said, hi.
Roll over the country gasoline's. Going way up, don't forget, they kept it, artificially Low by taking the oil out of andthe gas out of the Strategic oil reserves, that's meant for
Wars. That's been familiar, that's not meant to keep people's gasoline down so they can win an election. That's meant for very
serious purposes. I got it filled up Now, it's at the lowest point. it's
ever been at. They drained it and that was artificial But that only lasts for a
fairly short period of time, I'm so now new records are being set like, gasoline
Gavin has become crooked Joe Biden's top surrogate, I think, because he doesn't
think Biden is going to make it. That's why he's doing it. He doesn't think he's going to make it and
it won't be him. So he's, he's going to have a big fight. however, because there will be a because there Democrats
Competing is going to be very interesting, but let's see Look some people say Biden's going to make it. Does anybody think he's
going to make it to the Starting Gate? I mean the guy can't find his way
off of a stage. Look. Here's a a stage. His a stage I've never seen
this stupid stage before. I've never seen it. but if I walk left is the stare.
and if I walk right this Astaire, and this guy gets up where am I? Nice
Nice terrible. You know how much tougher on him that I used to be out of respect for the office? I was never like he's the most corrupt
president. the most incompetent president we've ever had But when they indicted me and then again
and again and again I was never indicted. Now I'm setting records Al Capone.
Was not indicted. so much Alphonse Capone. if you looked at Al Capone
in the wrong way, he'd kill you. He was not indicted like me.
I was never indicted. I didn't know when they told me at the Wharton School of Finance. they didn't talk about indictment, it's
know it's a disgrace. What's happening They weaponized elections, have done. these are very bad people, but I used
to talk. relatively used to it. I wouldn't go out of my way. I wouldn't say the things I say now. Now I'm
just all in because these people are bad and they're dangerous. And we have to stop it. I
wouldn't say what I say now. I never did. I joke. I'd have a little fun with
it but I wouldn't call him. I call him the worst president in history. I call him the most corrupt
president in history and I called him. the most incompetent. president other than that, he's doing
a fabulous job. I think. think, ladies you guys, don't look fabulous? along with? Joe Biden?
Newsom is also killing a car industry. This is a ridiculous. What's happening and crushing our great
automakers in Michigan Wisconsin. Georgia. North Carolina. and South Carolina. crushing them.
under his leadership This is an awesome California has imposed the has ridiculous car. regulations anywhere
in the world with mandates to move to all electric cars. the problem with an electric car. Number
one, you lose all your jobs because they're all going to be made in China and other countries. They're not going to be made here at all. I was
up in the other day in Michigan, like the other night we had an incredible crowd. and they were the
United Auto Workers, Auto Workers. And, and others. But we were sort of focused
on the Auto Workers. I said you. Got to endorse Trump because I'm going to save your
industry. We're going to have a thriving car industry. This lunatic is
going to destroy. he's going to go, all Electra. Think about all electric. And I have no problem with electric You
should be able to buy an electric car. You should buy a gas. car. you should
buy the hell you want. I mean, some people like
Electric. if you want to drive for 14 minutes to the candy store, it electric is very good. but if you
actually want to get into a car and drive for a few hours, you know, they're
doing a couple of other ones with electric, they're going Elektra, crazy. It doesn't
work. They want all electric army tanks now think of this. so, they
want to have an army tank, that's electric. You can't get it recharged it doesn't go far enough. It doesn't
go strong enough, but they want to have electric so that we we'll go in with
environmentally nice. We'll go in with environmentally niceequipment.
Then they want to have a jet fighters are jet fighters at a best way to go
take. Can make it turn on the size of a Dime bom, bom. they want to use
fuel that's a little bit. better for the environment. so that is we're attacking. some
country. trying to devastate some country because they've been bad to us. We go in, we're dropping bombs
all over the place but at least we're not leaving any environmental. footprint.
footprint. These people are crazy. These the problem is, you know, I stopped it. because they came to see me sir. We have a new
fighter jet, we think it's environmentally friendly I said, who cares, If it's, if you're dropping bombs all over the place,
you're shooting everybody.
We think it's environment. problem. It's about 15%
less. effective. That's a lot, You know what? 15% is for a fighter jet.
The difference between being shot down and shooting the other guy down. That's the
different That's a big difference. and then another Beauty, just
another Beauty just while You don't mind if I go off, script to you. They like it.
Guys. guys. but you know, every once in a while you got
to go. you just can't how about this one.
the trucking industry. supply chain.
and they give them a very short period of time.So all these big beautiful companies, have these these massive Peter Built
Trailways have these big beautiful trucks. that cost a fortune. They have a tank.
of diesel. That goes 2,000 miles. think of that up to 2,000. That's pretty
much Max, but 2,000 miles. and electric truck. doesn't have the right torque or
pull. will have to ask somebody. In other words, it's not as good but it
goes, 300 miles. So, they have to stop. approximately six and a half
times. every time And by the way, it takes a long time to juice them up. and I don't
even talk about the fact that, you know, you don't have charges because it was good, you could build them, right? But you know,
they're building charges all over the place. It's a disaster. you know, they say, you know, the greatest part about having an
all electric truck the first 10 minutes after its charge up your so but after
10 minutes now, you're 10 minutes state of trauma cuz you're wondering, where the hell am I going to get a charge together? Very
traumatic. It's a very traumatic experience. So, you have a truck that goes
2,000 miles. of beautiful things. they got the bedrooms in there. good enough for Trump to live at live in one of those
truck you ever see those big, beautifulrooms and make him like sweets. Now, he's trucks, are incredible.
They're unbelievable. Actually, they're incredible machines. One of the top guys in the industry said, they'll all go bankrupt.
The supply chain will die. And you know, I shouldn't even say this, I should let it happen because it's good for the
election, but I don't want our country to be heard, They won't do anything though. You know, like open.
orders, You'd think they closed the Border said it, Then I do is you would think they would be closing the borders right now that have they don't care. They actually want I think they
actually want, I think they want to destroy our country, but but with the trucks you would think that
they sit down for about 3 minutes with trucking companies. And after 3 minutes I'll say
sorry, we can't do that. I was with great South Carolina the other day. Great. Carolina the other
day. Great great company. They make boats. Now they're starting on if they want an all electric boat, they don't
want to use the Mercury and of different. You know, the gasoline powered engines,
they want all electric slide. I said to the head of the companies companies like 50 years old doing great make hundreds, and hundreds of boats. but now they're not selling. Well, because the
interest rates are too high. they're not selling the whole thing. They said sir. I mean I'm like an angel
to them. I walk in because they had the best four years of their life and four years now, it's all
ending. but now they want to force him to go to things. do miles an hour. You know
what that is? slow golf cart goes, 10 miles an hour, Up to 90 miles.
Up to 90 miles to miles an hour. I said, how far does the boat go 60 miles So, in other words beyond
what the boat goes, they want him to go just very slowly. and they want to do the new regulations
are coming out all electric boats, I said to the men and this is a pro you if I could sit down with him in five minutes and know
exactly what I have to do. I said what it work. No sir Because the entire
boat would have to become a battery. at the batteries. take massive amounts. and it would be so heavy that it would and then I
I asked him a question. He said you must have a science I've never been here. if you were to boat and you're sitting ontop of a battery and the boat starts to
sink do you get electrocuted? Let's say
the boat is going down. and you have a choice. you got a shock that's 10. You
got a shark That's ten yards away. or you can go down with the damn boat
and get electrocuted. Honestly, you know what I take I'm taking the boat
every single time I want the boat. but this is where we are. They want army
tanks. These people are crazy. but the trucking industry is probably worse than the.
owner Wonder. See, I have a friendthat bought a car. and he thought it was environmental good by the way, it's environmentally bad because way, batteries are
a disaster. You can't get rid of all those things. But I have a friend, he bought a car because he want. He's a conservative
guy but he wanted to be, you know, he believed all this nonsense that they're putting out. and he bought
a car and he always makes a trip from Kentucky. politician, he makes it drip for Kentucky, to
Washington, d.c. quite a bit. And he usually make it. and, you know, get out of the car and it
probably have gasoline left over. No big deal. Now he goes and He stopping all the time, stop. stop.
The guy was a nervous wreck like you got down there about four days later. The guy was a disaster. I
said, are you okay? And I said, How's your
environment of experience working?But you know, electric cars, you know, electric cars, to go short distances, you're going to go, you know,
within a very short period of time. And very short distance. but we have to
make everything available. hybrids are good. or gasoline
is good, Don't forget we have more gasoline than any country in the world and we're sitting on top of it.
You see where the UAW is on strike. we were up with them as I told you and
they're on strike and they have a leader who hates Trump. He hates Trump. I said, listen, here's a story. I have an idea for the
lead a chump because I'm a Republican. because they don't know, All they can do is see Democrat The Democrats are going to
destroy. You're not going to have any Auto Workers left. and it's going to be in two years and I told them you
negotiating these wonderful hourly wages but it doesn't matter Because but it years, you're not going to have any jobs left. They
lose 60 thousand dollars on every car they make all 60,000 So these companies
are you know, for the most part going to go bankrupt but what's going to happen is they're going to close them up and have the cars
made in China where they can buy them much cheaper. you're not going to have any jobs left. so tell you
Union that if you're smart. they should endorse me. immediately and you're going to have a thriving.
you're going to have a thriving life. life. and I believe the UAW workers will
be on my side. 95%, I really do They're all screaming. Wait, love Trump yet to see the crowd. We love Trump. but the union
bosses are big Democrat. He likes Biden. What's the like I said what's to like he has no idea who the hell you are.
are. And if you ask him tomorrow, did you meet with the Union yesterday he's going to say.
I have no idea. this guy, But you know what? His radical left. Marxist.
that surround him in the office? they know who they are. You see, they know who they are.because he's not running
the country. the people that are running the country are the people that are in the White House. and they are vicious.
They're vicious. and they're destroying. our country. under a trump Administration.
gasoline fired engines will be allowed but child sexual mutilation. will be banned.
Is that okay? You're terrible. And we
will prosecute those. involved in California's, deprave new laws. that strip
parents of parental rights, Can you believe
the thought that 10 years ago? if somebody got up
to people and say this guy,
Can you imagine this? You know. Imagine This.
you know, Brian Urlacher the big football player, great football player from Chicago's have massive got big strong guy, he was a great Hall of Famer and
everything played for Chicago. and I was with him a couple of months ago and we were standing at my
golf club and Palos Verdes Trump National and he said, we're talking about things
and I looked at the size of this man, right? He's retired now but at a Hall of Fame career top
top-of-the-line guy great. great player but big and
my manager Came over. Lily, she's fantastic. but she's very small. She's a size of his leg, Maybe. And I took a picture of Lily. and
Brian Urlacher. And I said, we will not allow men. and women's. What's and you see? And you saw the other
you see, And you saw the other day, that had a weightlifting deal going on and is one young woman. She was so proud of parents
were in the front row. She was going to break the record. They put a quarter of an ounce on each side of the thing. stood for 18 years. and she got
up and she will I don't want to imitate it because you know my wife, the first lady hates when I do this. She said
it's not presidential. I said yeah, but people like it.
speech to the UAW and we got better ratings and they did but but no, she said, it's not presidential and I understand she has won two things that and she doesn't like when I dance a little bit to the music. I think that's
nothing. And I said, I have a problem. Everybody wants it this creamy dance dance. But a great
first lady. and she doesn't like when I talk about the swimmer either, but maybe I'll do it because this is a little bit you know. this
is a special group. so they get these are Republicans
that have been screwed for years in California. you deserve a little entertainment, right? So,
so, they put the weights on the ends. little tiny things like a little tiny
quarter of an ounce. and she gets up your heart. and her parents are so proud,
huh? 19 years? She's almost
at. Hi Couldn't. this guy who recently, transitioned.
he gets over the They said have you lifted before? she was a world
champion. I haven't lifted too much. a little bit. Did it recreationally? Oh good. So
he gets over the same way. being born. He broke
the record, like by 180 lbs. and then they say we will have then they say,
sports. These people are crazy women sports. These people are crazy, you know, I'm not a big fan of LeBron James but
I said this, I said this I would like to meet with LeBron say LeBron. I've decided I'm going to get out of the presidential business, get out of the
real estate business. I'm going to become a basketball coach of women. and I'm going to get him and
four or five other guys, too. transition. And we are
going to have. the greatest basketball team in
history. we will be undefeated forever. We will make. the legendary
John Wooden. into just a little asterisk. now, it's just crazy. The swimmer.
remember Championship swimmer, she wanted to break the record. She was going to do it. You looks left on. These are people. they've been you know
athletes have been sort of at the top level. they're sort of competing with the same guys. one of the PGA Tour guy said, yeah.
I played with him when he was six. I played with him when he was 10 12. you know, there's certain Elite group of people. and
played with him on my life and now they're on the senior tour, the still plague against each other. Same thing with other sports and she
looks left. And she sees all of these young ladies that
she's been swimming against for years. She looks right. And she sees her but then she looks over here and this is a huge guy. with a wings.
I say where the wingspan somewhat larger than Wilt the stilt Chamberlain. Do you know, will the biggest wingspan
anybody's ever seen? seven foot two? seen she sees this guy's so well.
And I tell the story, it's a very sad story. She was seriously injured, You heard about this, right?
You know what happened to her? She got injured with windburn because this guy went by her so fast. that
the wind gave her horrible, horrible Burns.
They took her to the hospital, but she'll make it. You'll be okay. so much for the record. He
finished. he went to lunch and as the other girls swam in, he was going to lunch. He said let me go to lunch while
I'm waiting for them to come in. No, hurry dick. And you know what? It's very demeaning to women. It really is.
It's ridiculous. Very good. The state of. California has no right to take.
children away from their parents and from their They take them away, sterilize them. can you believe this? I will
stop it. Immediately, all of that crazy stuff will be scared. I will protect your you I will protect parents
and their rights and we will have them make decisions. for their children. They are going to
be making the decision. I will protect your country. and we will restore public
Safety. to our community. Under the radical left.
Democrats your once beautiful cities have been overtaken by millions and millions of Illegal aliens.
psychotic drug addicts. Bedlam squalor nobody's ever seen anything like it. nearly half of the
stores in downtown San Francisco. of shut down down in the rest of going tobe down. targets. Walgreens all
of them, They're closing up because your DA's their Marxist and they only go after Republicans but your
marks is DA's. and they given hoodlums the green light to pillage and plunder
used to yours to do whatever they want. And swanky Beverly Hills armed Bandits stalk, their victims home
to robbed them at gunpoint. in their garage or their living room. They wait till the garage opens. And
then they go in and they robbed the hell out of them and they take the trunk of their car and they break it
open. people leave the doors and Trunks of their luxury cars in. Beverly Hills they leave them hanging
wide open. so that people don't destroy their car trying to break through and smash through the
windows and the doors. Well rummaging through to steal the through and other
valuables they leave their trunks open. Because if they don't, they take a crowbar and they get it open. So they said look if you
want to take my tire it's okay, Can you believe that we've and this is happening a lot? Can you
believe that this is where our country has come? under the Trump Administration?
We will bring back Law and Order to California. You
stopped the far left. prosecutors. who are deliberately? destroying our? civilization. and our
culture. I will direct a culture, I will direct a completely overhauled
doj to investigate every radical da, and Ag and America. For their illegal
racist, in Reverse enforcement of the Lord. And we will start with the
Marxist monsters, unleashing Mayhem on
Los Angeles and San Francisco. in places where there is a true break down and don't forget when we were in office, we had a period of
time, short period of time where they were attacking. Washington. Nobody likes to talk about this and they were trying to rip down our statues. and I saw
what was happening. It was really weird, It was that they wanted to rip down statues of Abraham, Lincoln
George, Washington, they didn't really care. They just want to destroy our culture. and I
very quickly took it old law that I saw. and I reinstituted it and it basically said that, if you
ripped out, anybody even attempting to rip down the statue, of anybody in Washington DC, gets
10 years in jail. you don't get ten years, but you're off nine and a half for good behavior, You get
10 years in jail? there's no anything. And amazingly everything stopped.
everything stopped. but in places where there's a true break down in the rule of law such as
Oakland, oh, at my disposal.
but it's not
I will use every everything I can. Every single power at my disposal including sending as manyfederal law enforcement assets as required to restore. safe. safety and peace. and we will
immediately stop. And some people say, oh, this is terrible. I can't believe, you know, these people are killing
people when they go into the source you'll have 300 young people. who are not
looking for a good future walk into a store. big.
Ian Stewart, and just pillage it And if you happen to be there, when they're there, they'll knock the hell out of you and kill you And some cases.
and we will immediately stop all of the pillaging and Theft. very simply if you rob a store. you can
fully expect to be shot as you are leaving that
Shot. Shot. And everything
will immediately stop, You won't have any more of that then you know our law enforcement is great. but they're not allowed to
do anything. They're told to stand by stand back, don't touch. don't touch.
they watch Hundreds of kids, walk out. With television sets. and if they do anything
they lose their family. they lose their house. they lose their pension, they get fired. we have
the greatest law the greatest law world, they know exactly what to do but they're not allowed to do it by incompetent politicians. The word. that
they shoot, you. will get out within minutes. and our nation in one day. will be
an entirely different place. for theft. and
destruction. and the ruination of our country. This is a phenomena all over the world. People are
watching This just doesn't happen anywhere else. But we've taken away law enforcement, we've taken
away their dignity. We have the greatest people. One of the most important things maybe the most important
thing. being a police officer. being somebody. that's protecting us. and they're not allowed to do their job and they
want to do their job. border patrol. Brandon, Judd. All these guys Tom
Holman great. it great. great water person. These people know exactly what
to do. They know exactly what to do and they'll do it. But with the inner cities or just the
city's, it's no longer inner cities is happening in areas that What he believes? kids walk out with televisions at not
kids. some are men. and a lot of its organized. now where they actually go and take everything out of
the store and then you see this guy selling stuff, five miles away or selling it from behind cars. It's
a horrible thing. When the police are allowed to do their job, and that means
to some cases. shoot them. This will stop immediately. and immediately
our police are amazing. I it puts our police at great. Put
you up Eliza great Danger. but retribution on our palate, I've been looking at take a look retribution
on our politicians and political opponents. who are leading in campaigns by
lot. So we are Are beating them badly. That's what they really that has to stop. What they've done
is they've gone after opponents so that if you become president or some
other job. But if you become president and you don't like somebody or if somebody's beating you by 10 15 or 20 points like
we're doing We're doing.
Then I have to call up our meet Dylan. Can you believe
it, right? harmeet? Did you ever see anythinglike that? I got indicted for times, I
set a record. for most indictments in the shortest period of time. Who is it? Trump trump.
What the hell did he do? More than half of the unsheltered homeless people in America live in,
communist run California. think of that as president I willuse all available powers
to take the homeless drug addicted and severely deranged. and get them off your street. So that
law abiding citizens can once again, enjoy the parks and public spaces for which they're paying a lot of money in touch? with all of
the money we will save by ending Mass illegal immigration. You look at it, we will have a
gigantic Surplus, a gigantic Surplus to get our homeless population. the
treatment they so clearly need to many of the people never maybe they'll ever be
made better. These are people that in many cases are in such bad shape, they'll never be made
better. Seriously are people that in many cases are in such bad shape. They'll never be made
better. Seriously, addicted. And lots of other things happen. When that happens,
but we also, you know, don't forget, we're taking in the world's population. We're taking into mental patients from all overthe world. You have mental. institutions, that are empty right now
in South America and many other places all over Africa. where they're bringing these people to the United
States having them walk into our country. and we're living with them, Some of these people are very dangerous. it's also
you're taking prisoners, many prisoners, If you look at the prison population, in South, America, and all over the
world, including Africa, Europe. And I mean, all over the world, the prison population, Almost in some
cases, doesn't even exist. They've taken all of it. and they're dumping we're like a Dumping Ground. they've dumped it into the United States. These are the idiots that are running
our country. so it makes a really bad situation. much worse. but we're going
to have the largest deportation operation of the history of our country. You the kill the nobody can sustain Nobody. we will
rapidly Rebuild the most secure Border in the United States, just as we had three years ago, three
years ago. we had the strongest border. the history of the United States. I built almost 500
miles of wall. I watch this loser, Christie, Chris, Christie, or he built 50 months. No, no. you know what they say? If
there's a 2x4 lifting. laying in the at its rotted rusted, but it was there for 50 years but it's
not they call that a renovation. So, For they don't give me
credit. Do we take the 2x4? We throw it away, We build a beautiful. Exactly what. you know, the wall we built is exactly what border
patrol wanted. We actually had mountain climbers. We had pay, you wouldn't believe how talented these people are. They could scoot up that with scoot
pounds of drugs in that back, it's amazing. the paddles on top there. D,
climb the called decline panels. They make it very hard to climb over. everything is done for a reason and they are
steel. They wanted them to be steel with concrete inside. and then rebar, hardened concrete and rebar, we did
everything just as we should we built almost. 500 miles, we had another 200 miles that we would have built, we already achieved
our objective and I had a deal with guys like
Mitch McConnell. And Paul Ryan. Oh, do you know Paul Ryan? Oh. Paul Ryan. We had a deal with Paul Ryan Mitch McConnell, all these guys, and it was brutal. So what I did is I said the
hell with it, this is an invasion of our country. I'm taking the money out of the military. and we did.
military was good. it's an invasion. But we built almost 500 miles,
built almost said, you know let's build some more because it what happened is You'd have other areas that you wouldn't see then
and all of a sudden they were open become open and became paths and do we ready
to do that. It was all ordered. and the election was rigged. And then these guys come in and
they took that stuff and they actually brought it away and now they're trying to sell it for two cents in the dollar. Can you even
believe it was all ready to be installed? and that's what I first believed that they actually want to have
open borders and nobody can explain it. it, they don't need the votes because they cheat, you know, they cheat so Well they don't
need the votes. So, you know, everyone says, oh, they're doing it for the vote. No, they don't do it for the votes because they cheat so much that. It's a
lot easier. I'll also use title 42 to end the child trafficking crisis by
returning all traffic children to their families in their home countries. immediately An estimated.
their home countries immediately.An estimated twenty, two percent of students in l.a. public schools, are from a household headed by
an illegal alien. Can you believe it in your community? Not only is this deeply unfair to
American children, whose classroom resources are being crucially, drained. And just horrible really it's
a cruel thing. that's happening. there being depleted. but it's turned. many of you
schools into war zones and dangerous gang members from
MS-13, thirteen your children are going to school with gang members from n MS-13. Tell your children, not to get into any fights with them if you don't mind. Okay.
I want you children to be aware of. These are tough. These are tough people, Tough kids. but you know who's
tougher? ice But I know he get the credit I see what they have to go through. They go, a lot of
gang members MS-13 gang members are in Long Island for some reason. They just that's where they go. They love Long Island. and they
killed not so long ago to beautiful 16 year old girls walking to school and they slice them up with a knife
because a gun is too fast. and they made them suffer greatly both dead. Both
killed and ice will go in and they will. they call them Pax Pax.
like a political Pac slightly. slightly tougher. and they will go in and they will go into that pack and they'll start swinging Swinging swinging
I have a few friends here. They're pretty tough guys. a couple of them, they won't do this work. I will tell you but I says that
they're incredible Patriots, they don't get any credit, we took them out by the thousands and thousands we took MS-13 out of our
country. thousands and thousands. and when I first got into office I was told
very strongly, very strongly that you cannot bring them back to their country El Salvador.
Honduras, Guatemala, and others. that they put planes on the runway. So our planes couldn't land
they blocked up all the bus routes and they said Obama gave up because for years,
he tried, but he couldn't get them back. So they wouldn't even bother. They're just let him stay in our country and kill people. And I said,
really how much money do they repay those three principal countries.
They said, sir, Are we pay them? 750 million dollars a year for economic development, you know who the economic development is for? the head of the
country That's who it's for They live very very nicely. in nice beautiful chateaus.
So we give me 750, I said tell them effective immediately. They're not getting any
money. The following morning early in the morning. I get a call from all three
sides. Not simultaneously. Like separate like 128. two, one, two, three. and,
typically, speaking when somebody comes and they have tattoos all over their face,
I'm not discriminating at all, but typically, it's not a positive thing. Okay.
And I said you're sending us your people. and you sending his gang members and killers his murderers. and
people from jail. and we're bringing it back, you won't take them, You won't even let our planes land sir. We would like to apologize
for that. We didn't realize they're only doing it for about seven years, right? We will be glad to take
them back, Sir. what is our money starting again, sir? and so I made a deal
and I still haven't given him the money, you know. It's just I just held it back. what the damage they've done is so bad.
but now Biden wants to give them four billion dollars. I read the other day 4 billion for what you know what it does It makes
them stronger. in the sense of not economic. development but they still more and the
gang members get more. It's so corrupt. This whole thing is so corrupt. What we do is so crazy. it's
so crazy. but we brought the MS-13 gang members and Killers out by the
thousands. And thousands and brought and brought her back into their countries. Ithe alien enemies act which is very powerful to review. to remove. and we will get
to remove all known suspected gang members drug dealers, and cartel members from the
United States of America ending the scourge of illegal alien gang violence
forever. We're going to get them the hell out of our country. We don't want them in our country. This is just the start of what
we will do to say. Save California and you got to remember our stories on the water. It's no wonder
the far left Lunatics are getting desperate to stop our Movement by any means necessary. Okay. so We
have Maga now, if you ask Biden, you know, did you see him the other night? He's saying we must stop
radical Maggie. You know what Maggie is? Make America great again, right? We must Stop Make America great again.
You know, you have to be what a stupid thing to say.
but but think of it. this is the greatest movement in the history of our country. Do you know?
You know that? politicians. for years? if they ran
in New Hampshire or Iowa, they ran and South Carolina Early States and
he stayed. And if they came in like second third, fourth, they would have a great career as a political pundit, they would be
celebrated, or Pat, Buchanan was a great guy actually. but he came in, you know, did well in New Hampshire Just
did well. didn't win it, but did well. And for many, many years he was a very respected voice on
television or and shows people like that. We won.
42. States. Think of this. We didn't come in second, third, fifth.
night, we won. 42 States. And then we won 50 states. And then we had an election
That was incredible. And we want in 2016 and then we had a much better. election
much, much better, we did much better in 2020, we got millions more of a
but we had a rigged election. And I was told by the best pollsters that Breezy. Oh, was great. Tony Fabrizio.
McLaughlin. great. Those two they told me serve, you got 63 million votes. you can't be beaten
we got almost 75 million votes that they report. That's what they report.
Because it's much higher than that. The most any sitting? president has ever gotten? And at 3:00
in the morning, they said, oh, at 10:00. we had it made at 3:00 we just found
lots of violence, lots of hours. that's all they know how to do is cheat on elections. And frankly,
they have to do that because their policies are no good. Their policies are no good open borders, high
taxes. As you know, crooked Joe Biden and his radical left thugs, Have
weaponized law enforcement to arrest there. really leading. Appoint happens
to be me. Do you mind if I mention that that on fake and phony charges. They're
fake charges. she knows better than anybody. They are. this high level election, interference and
it's happening. This is what it is. It's called election interference. Try and destroy a man. so
that he can't get elected. and don't worry about the indictment or the subpoenas
Because after the election nobody cares. If I weren't running I'd right now be
good. be very happy, but I like this better because we're making our country. Grant with helping people. much more important. But
it's all happening for a single reason, because I'm the only candidate. that
they don't want to run against, you know, they're people of great misinformation or disinformation very similar
meanings. I go both misinformation. disinformation. very close.
they always say the opposite. So they say we want to run against Trump. We to to run if I'm leading they want to run
against. they don't want to run against me. I mean, these poles are so incredible that a coming out. They
don't want to, they want to run against anybody but me they'll take the sanctimonious in about two seconds. but they say, we
want to run against but last week's big ABC Washington Post poll. I'm
leading by 10 points against Biden. Another one.
I'm leading by 12, Another one. I'm leading by seven. They're not, they're not happy. They're not happy. and and
look how could they be happy? How. who would vote for this person? who vote for this person? or
country is being destroyed? And, you know, I don't know, Maybe people feel sorry for
feel sorry the only way he can win is if you feel sorry. but don't feel sorry for him because he's not a nice person. and he never
was a nice person. and he goes after political opponents and things in a way that nobody ever has
done other than in Banana Republic in a third-world countries, that's what they do. That's exactly what they
do. And in the brand-new Thank you. in the
brand-new New York Post. Poll just came out an hour ago. hour ago. I'm beating
Biden by 11 points, when I asked who you think will win.
and just a few minutes before I came up on stage, the morning
console Paul. That's a very big one. That's a very respected poll. I'm at 63% and Rhonda. sanctimonious
is a 12%. And the others are way lower. I didn't New
Hampshire to sanctimonious is now falling into fifth place. Oh, have I done a number on that guy?
Have we done a number on him? Guy had no chance of getting elected. governor. he came to see me.
to tears in his eyes. He came to see me. Sure. I could. I need your help. What do you need my help For I didn't even know him
that well, but he was one of about 100. Congressman that would talk about impeachment hoax number one, and
impeachment. hooks number two and televisions, I saw him a little bit. I need your help sir. Not winning
in Florida. he was losing by like 30 points or more. lose, who's getting killed It was over for him.
with the primary taking place in a short period of time. and I said Ron if I were George Washington I
Abraham. Lincoln combined that I came back from the dead and I Endure shuttle. a good mother You got on, man? He said sure
you're very popular. in Florida, you know, I got 1.2 million, more votes at him to keep here to how many votes I got.
1.2 million votes at him and I'm the one that turned Florida red, not him. He didn't. They all
go in my fumes. but I said, if you do that, then I said look you know, I
didn't know the Secretary of agriculture's name is Adam Putnam. Nice guy. but he was leading by
numbers that were like not as much as I'm leading these guys. Bye. but he was
leading by big numbers. It was over. They were already measuring the carpet in the in the State House.
They were going to be a highway going to have the most to carpet you've ever seen in the Mansion as they call it. But I
said all right Ron. Let's do it. and I did it and this guy went up like a rocket ship. I've never said they liked and he was
dead. In other words, without me, he was dead. And then they asked him and then I helped him get through the general election
by the way, he was running against a very hot guy. it turned out to be a
crackhead but these are minor problems. But he was the
hottest him and Stacey Abrams were the two hottest female male politicians in the country Democrats. and he said, I won't be able to beat him. I gave
him three giant Trump rallies. I said you're going to win. run. I don't think so sir. Anyone. Okay.
then four years later they said will you run against the president? He said I have no comment.
I said no comment. That means that said, no That means he's running. and I
started hitting him very early. Harmeet said, don't please sir. He's a Republican. don't hit him.
He's a republican, sir. I said, I don't give a damn if he's a Republican.
He's a Republican. I don't care. What the hell he is.
and I hit him hard and he's crashing like a Bird. that seriously wounded in flight.
And here in California. where leading by a gigantic. margin with Trump at 48
and dissenters. Who is now? at a number That's so low. They don't even know what the I think they've given up on them. but we're leading
by close to 50 points. Autumn, but we're reading by close to 50 points. 50.And
for NFL, fans, Eddie, do you have any? NFL football fans here? we
will. not play prevent defense. you know a preventive. answers.
You hold them scoreless for almost four quarters and you just have to do once more and they go to prevent and prevent right
All the football fans are not a, there's only about 2% of you in this room. is something
that's supposed to work, butit doesn't it means you get soft. We don't get soft. We're also so, doing
historic margins with the unbelievably great. Hispanic American Community, they love us
and I love In 2020, we did
better than any we in more than 50 years. and we're going to win record numbers of Hispanic
American votes. Next November, and the African-American
American male. been unbelievable. Females are going to come along a little bit. Got to come
along. but we're doing great. We're doing great The radical left, that's right.
And people from Vietnam love Trump. Where uh where are the Vietnam?
Vietnam? Great. They are so great. They come all dressed up in those beautiful outfits. We
love you. Thank you very much. I appreciate it. the radical left Democrats
rig the presidential election of 2020 and we're not going to let them rig the presidential
election. of 2024. Do you hear that? That's you.
Every time the radical. Democrats. Marx's communist fascist. indict me. I
considered a great badge. of honor. because I'm being indicted for you. Thanks a
lot. I appreciate it. How about I go home to our elegant first lady that
people really love. I go home darling. tonight about
6:00, I think I'm being indicted again. The good news is now, taking it
a little bit lighter, You know, Like oh again. how many times can you do it? I heard they were going to do it two more times
and they said don't go it. To their people to they're Maniacs. Never forget our enemies. Want
to stop us because we are the only ones that can stop them. The only one,
going to get your situation taken care of in California for though. They want to take my freedom because I
will never let them take away. your freedom. freedom. they want to
silence me because I will never let them. silence you. and in the end, they're not after me,
they're after you. I just happened to be unfortunately, for me standing in the way. Here
is just some of the agenda and closing that we will immediately Implement when we become we we it's
all of us were all going to become. That's what it is. So, this is a group effort. it really is
when we become the 47th president. of the United States of America.
I will totally obliterated. the Deep State we were starting. We knocked out Comey and all these guys. It
is deeper than anyone ever thought, but we got rid of a lot of bad ones called me. Got rid of them.
Oh, sir, what did you fire him? They found out. before I even arrived at the Oval Office shortly
after I win the presidency, I will have the horrible War. between Russia. and Ukraine. settled. It'll
get settled very fast. Going to have people not be killed at killing. hundreds
of thousands of people. Horrible would have never started of our president. So
many things you wouldn't have had inflation. You wouldn't have had the war of Ukraine. China wouldn't be talking about Taiwan? and you wouldn't
have had the most embarrassing day, and the history of our country. That horrible. situation
that took place in Afghanistan. You wouldn't have had that. I think it was the lowest point. I think I'd actually
convinced Putin to go in. He looked at that, he said, anybody that incompetent, I should do, whatever the hell I want. And I'm the
only candidate who can make this promise to you. I will prevent World War 3 and
we're much closer than anyone else. You're much closer. And this would be a
war like, no other. Because the level of power from weaponry. from all of the
weapons, the new weapons. And the nuclear weapons is never been anything like it. This would not be to
army tanks running around shooting army tanks This is a level of power that nobody's ever seen before. This is obliteration. And I
will have it stopped. I will have itself. Just stop biting is inflation
catastrophe. Bring down the cost of energy for California, to become energy independent. again. and
even energy. Dominant we were ready to become energy. dominant, we were totally independent. As we
were just three years ago, think of it. Three years ago we were energy independent oil. Was it a dollar eighty
seven? A gal, can you believe it? We will drill baby drill. Will.
Going to bring down inflation. way, way down. I don't knock out inflation. A lot of it.
Then we're going to get your interest rates down so you could actually go could actually buy a house if you want it right now. nobody's buying houses
because they can't get any money from the bank's, right? On day one, I will sign a new executive
order to cut Federal funding for any school pushing critical race Theory. transgender insanity and
other inappropriate. racial sexual or political content
on our children. And here in California. they're wiping away the names of
Abraham Lincoln. Thomas Jefferson. and George Washington. off your
schools under my leadership. We will once again teach our children to love America and we will have
great schools that lead to great jobs so that our children can have
incredible. beautiful. lives. I will not give one penny to any school that
has a vaccine that has mask. man. You can have it but no
man that as I said, very importantly, I will keep men out of women's
sports. We will do that. and we will gain total independence from China. And I will hold the Chinese
Communist Party. accountable for unleashing the China, virus upon the world. something will happen with
us. We will make the Silicon Valley Tech tyrants answer for their illegal
censorship and we will restore free speech in America. What they did during the election. was
It's horrible, FBI. and Twitter, FBI caught Twitter files. the 51. intelligence
agents that all said, the laptop from hell was from Russia. It was in from Russia, you know
where he's from. It was from Hunter. Just as I did
for four years, I willfully uphold your second amendment. nothing
happened with it. That was it? it and I will secure. our
elections with special. emphasis and force placed on California. so that we can
go all paper ballots voter ID, same day, election and
you actually have to go to a booth booth but, until then, Republicans must win.
And we must compete. We have to compete. we have to win this election if we don't win this
election, we're not going to have a country left anymore. So in conclusion. this is what we must do
to restore our country, to Greatness. The USA is a mess. Our economy is
crashing. Inflation is out of control. China, Russia. Iran and North Korea. Have
formed together as a menacing and destructive. Mission and a very dangerous
One at that. our currency is crashing and will no longer be the world standard, which will be
our greatest defeat in over. 200 years if that happens. we will
revert to a status that you wouldn't believe how low we will be. It
won't happen with me not even won't chance just like Russia would never have. invaded Ukraine.
and China would not be even thinking about rating Taiwan. and we would have left Afghanistan. with
dignity and strength and pride instead of our greatest. embarrassment. in history. We would have
kept Bagram the Big Air Base Biggest Air Base in the world. We would have kept it. not because of Afghanistan but because
Bagram is one hour away from where China makes its nuclear weapons. and we
left in the dark of night, we left the lights on or we left the dogs behind for those people that love
dogs. Are we say? Did they take the dogs to know? And if you probably know anything about the Taliban
they're not they're not big into the world of dogs so you could imagine if you took the five worst
Presidents in the history of the United States. and added them up. They would not have done near the
destruction to our country as crooked Joe. Biden in the Biden administration of God. we are a failing
Nation. We are a nation in Decline. and now these radical left lunatics. Want to interfere with our
elections by using law enforcement. It's totally corrupt. and we won't let it happen. That's why
you must show up to vote in the California primary on super Tuesday. March
5th, March 5th. that's your first one. and we'll get to November.
get every Republican, you know, and bring them out. for team Trump and we're a team, we're all a team
together. Remember what I said, Maga make America what again. America First
this is the greatest. political institution, ever in the history of our
country. There's never been a movement like this. Newt. Gingrich is a great guy said last night. It's a
phenomena of the likes of which has never happened in our country before. Look at the crowds forget about this crowd. Look outside. thousands. and thousands of people. knowing they can't get in. and they
come Anyway, 2024's, Our final battle, With you. at my side. 2022 it? Yeah
it's all a battle. if you want to know the truth, stand up, let me see. Stand up. Whoa. thank you.
Thank you. That's all about it. 2024 is our great battle. We have to win
if we don't win that battle. we will not have a country not in my opinion. with you at my side, We will demolish
the Deep stay. we will expel the war mongers. from
our government will get him in these people that want Wars and every place places that nobody ever heard of,
we lose our youth, we lose our money. and they don't even want us in their territory. We will drive out the
globalist, we will cast out the Communist Marxist and fascists we will throw off
the sick political class. That hates our country. we will route the fake news media. We will evict
crooked Joe, Biden from the White House. and we will finish the job. once and
for all And I make this
promise to you, I great people of California. we are going to save your
state the Great silent majority is rising like never before. Thank you.